[docs] Update monorepos docs for Expo-Router 49SDK Web support (#23620)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/monorepos.mdx

registerRootComponent(App);
```

> If you are using expo-router, we have to change our default entrypoint to `index.js`. Then you need to create a `index.js` file within the root of the project that contains the content below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using [Expo Router](/routing/introduction/), change the default entry point (`main`) to **index.js** in **package.json**. Then, create the **index.js** file within the root of your project with the following:
```

```js index.js

> import "expo-router/entry";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import 'expo-router/entry';
```
